# Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 31, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- <b>Application</b> means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named VES - Image and Photo Compare
- <b>Company</b> (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to VES - Image and Photo Compare.
- <b>Device</b> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- <b>Personal Data</b> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- <b>Service</b> refers to the Application.
- <b>Usage Data</b> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- <b>You</b> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data and Usage Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
- Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library

We use this information to provide features of Our Service. The information is simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

### Use of Your Personal Data and Usage Data
The Company may use Personal Data and Usage Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service.

### Retention of Your Personal Data and Usage Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data and Usage Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. <b>You can delete Your Personal Data and Usage Data at any time through Your Device settings.</b>

### Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
- By email: vincentengelsoftware@gmail.com
